docs: add special_route.md (#350)
namecheap/ilc: docs/routing/special_routes.md

This document describes how these errors were realized in ILC and why in this way.

## '404' Error

To see 404 error routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page. `Special route` must be created separately for each domain.

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

Unlike simple routes which use composition with the help of `Next: true|false` property, the special route has own full configuration. This means that you must add template and all the necessary applications (header, footer, etc.) to the `Special route` [slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) (as in the screenshot below).

![ILC registry error slot](../assets/routes/error-slot.png)

More about [404 Error here](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found).

## '5XX' Errors

This error is created as a simple HTML template. It is designed in such a way to be a static markup in order to minimise chances of error occurrence during it's rendering. As it's a last chance to show something meaningful to visitor.

> The template with the name: `500` is used as the default error template for the main domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The '500' template acts as the default error template for the main domain.
```

> ![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ILC registry 500 error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)
```

> To assign different error templates for different domains, you must specify the template when creating the domain, as shown in the screenshots below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign different error templates to domains, you must specify the template when creating a domain. See the screenshots below.
```

![ILC registry domains menu](../assets/routes/domain-create.png)
![ILC registry set template of 500 error](../assets/routes/set-template-for-domains.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     ??? tip "Check what your error looks like"
>         In ILC it is possible to check how your 500 error is displayed by going to the route `/_ilc/500/`. Example of the route at our demo website - http://demo.microfrontends.online/_ilc/500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? tip "Preview error"
    In ILC, it is possible to preview the 500 error via the `/_ilc/500/` route.

    For example: `http://demo.microfrontends.online/_ilc/500` is the preview route for the demo website.
```

> More about [5XX errors handling](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the 5xx errors handling is available in the [Global error handling page](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).
```

# Special routes

To see special routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page

> It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page, ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route`.

Reviewer 2: There are no "special route" for 5XX err technically

Reviewer 2: Still relevant

## '404' Error

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

- This error usually means that the requested resource was not found on the server.

- When using `Special route` all standard routes are ignored, including `*` with any `Order pos`.

- If you want something else to be displayed on the page besides the error (header, footer, etc.), you need to add them to the [Slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) as in the screenshot below (This is necessary because standard routes are ignored).

![ILC registry error slot](../assets/routes/error-slot.png)

- `Special route` must have a `Template`.

- `Special route` must be created separately for each domain.

- More about [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found)

### Example:

> Let's go to the `/wrapper/blablabla/` route, ILC will render [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), because the specified route does not exactly match our routes, аnd all other routes (like `*`) will be ignored (in this case `navbar` it's part of [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), **not** our route `*` with `Order pos - 100`).

Reviewer 2: It's unclear from text why "*" route will be ignored

![ILC registry route to error](../assets/routes/route.png)

**Result:**

![ILC registry 404 error example](../assets/routes/fourth-case-result.png)

> ## '500' Error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 5XX Errors
```

> This error occurs if the ILC is unable to process the request (for example, because no [template](./route_configuration_options.md#route_template) is specified in the route chain, or other problems related to the inability of ILC to render the page).

Reviewer 2: Pls give a link to err handling documentation so users can see more details

> This error occurs if the ILC is unable to process the request (for example, because no [template](./route_configuration_options.md#route_template) is specified in the route chain, or other problems related to the inability of ILC to render the page).

Reviewer 2: We should explain how to configure 5XX error pages for default/specific domains

![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)

- This error is a simple HTML template.

- It is designed in such a way that ILC can render it under any conditions.

> - More about [500 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- More about [5XX errors handling](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).
```

# Error handling in router

Сurrently ILC can only handle [404](#404-error) and [5XX](#5xx-error) errors.

Our web page now is composed from several fragments, that's why we can't use the same approach we used with monolithic frontend.
This document describes how these errors were realized in ILC and why in this way.

## '404' Error

To see 404 error routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page. `Special route` must be created separately for each domain.

More about [404 Error here](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found).

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

Unlike simple routes which use composition with the help of `Next: true|false` property, the special route has own full configuration. This means that you must add template and all the necessary applications (header, footer, etc.) to the `Special route` [slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) (as in the screenshot below).

![ILC registry error slot](../assets/routes/error-slot.png)

> ### Example:

Reviewer 2: Replace this section with a link to https://github.com/namecheap/ilc/blob/e6e5809f2d9e90de1db3c3b4ff5bce8a37fdf4d1/docs/global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found

> Let's go to the `/wrapper/blablabla/` route, ILC will go through the entire list of routes and there will be no required route with a `Next: false` field, so ILC will render [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found).

Reviewer 3: Too short and that's why unclear. Please explain it in a few sentences.

![ILC registry route to error](../assets/routes/route.png)

**Result:**

![ILC registry 404 error example](../assets/routes/fourth-case-result.png)

> ## '5XX' Error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## '5XX' Errors
```

> This error is a simple HTML template. It is designed in such a way to not use ILC routing unlike 404 errors, which means that even if something went wrong with ILC, this error will be rendered.

Reviewer 2: 1. Error couldn't be called a "template". Pls rephrase.
2. It wasn't designed to not to use ILC routing. It's was designed to be a static markup in order to minimise chances of error occurrence during it's rendering. As it's a last chance to show something meaningful to visitor.

The template with the name: `500` is used as the default error template for the main domain.

More about [5XX errors handling](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).

![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)

To assign different error templates for different domains, you must specify the template when creating the domain, as shown in the screenshots below.

![ILC registry domains menu](../assets/routes/domain-create.png)
![ILC registry set template of 500 error](../assets/routes/set-template-for-domains.png)

### Example:

In ILC it is possible to check how your 500 error is displayed by going to the route `/_ilc/500/`. Example of the route at our demo website - http://demo.microfrontends.online/_ilc/500

Now let's move on to a real example of a case in which we will render a 500 error:

> Let's go to the `/notemplate/` route, in this case, no template for the route is specified, so ILC cannot render the application, in which case we will see a [500 error](../global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors).

Reviewer 2: 1. There are no such route at demo website
2. Replace all starting from `Now let's move on to a real example` with a link https://github.com/namecheap/ilc/blob/e6e5809f2d9e90de1db3c3b4ff5bce8a37fdf4d1/docs/global_errors_handling.md#5xx-errors-unexpected-errors

# Special routes

To see special routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page

It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type is failed on the page, for example, when ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route` or simple template with an error, depending on the situation:

## '404' Error

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

- This error can appear in two cases:
  1. If there is no route configured in Registry for requested URL.
  2. The app fails to find the requested resource by it's ID (this rule is only for **primary** apps). More details about it [here](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found)

> - When using `Special route` all standard routes are ignored, including `*` with any `Order pos`. If you want something else to be displayed on the page besides the error (header, footer, etc.), you need to add them to the [Slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) as in the screenshot below (This is necessary because standard routes are ignored).

Reviewer 2: This statement isn't clear. There is no way to "use" special route. 

It would be correct to say: Special routes disregard all of the previously matched routes with "next: true" specified. It means that you always need to specify all necessary slots & template here and shouldn't rely on the global wildcard routes.

# Special routes

To see special routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page

> It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page, ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route` or simple template with an error, depending on the situation:

Reviewer 3: on the page, FOR EXAMPLE when ILC will not find

> It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page, ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route` or simple template with an error, depending on the situation:

Reviewer 3: ...`Primary` or `Essential` type falls on the page....
I think more corrent way is ".......`Primary` or `Essential` type is failed on the page......."

## '404' Error

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

> - This error usually means that the requested resource was not found on the server.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean?
404 is rendered only if there is no matched route in ILC Registry.

> - When using `Special route` all standard routes are ignored, including `*` with any `Order pos`.

Reviewer 3: I got what do you want to say here.
But I would say something like `Unlike simple route which uses composition, the special route has own a full configuration. So if you declared, for example, some header by default for any route and want to see it at 404 special route, then you should declare header personally for 404 special route too.`

> - If you want something else to be displayed on the page besides the error (header, footer, etc.), you need to add them to the [Slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) as in the screenshot below (This is necessary because standard routes are ignored).

Reviewer 3: oh, you have additional information here regarding `ignorring`. it's better to combine this two points to one, like I did

- More about [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found)

### Example:

Let's go to the `/wrapper/blablabla/` route, ILC will render [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), because the specified route does not exactly match our routes, аnd all other routes (like `*`) will be ignored because the [404 error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found) is a special route, and as mentioned above, when it is rendered, all standard routes are ignored.(in this case `navbar` it's part of [404 Error](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found), **not** our route `*` with `Order pos - 100`).

![ILC registry route to error](../assets/routes/route.png)

**Result:**

![ILC registry 404 error example](../assets/routes/fourth-case-result.png)

## '5XX' Error

This [error](../global_errors_handling.md) occurs if the ILC is unable to process the request (for example, because no [template](./route_configuration_options.md#route_template) is specified in the route chain, or other problems related to the inability of ILC to render the page).

![ILC registry 500 Error](../assets/routes/500-error.png)

- This error is a simple HTML template.

> - It is designed in such a way that ILC can render it under any conditions.

Reviewer 3: combine this point with the previous, since the second point is the explanation for the first one.
and emphasize that it's a simple string(HTML) to avoid problems with rendering it if something went wrong etc

To see special routes, use the `Show special` switcher at the top of the routes page

It is used to render errors, if an application with the `Primary` or `Essential` type is failed on the page, for example, when ILC will not find a match between the address bar and `Route`, `Template` will not be specified in the route chain, etc., ILC will use `Special route` or simple template with an error, depending on the situation:

## '404' Error

![ILC registry special routes switcher](../assets/routes/special-routes-switcher.png)

- This error can appear in two cases:
  1. If there is no route configured in Registry for requested URL.

>   2. The app fails to find the requested resource by it's ID (this rule is only for **primary** apps).

Reviewer 3: 2. what do you mean?
maybe I forgot about this case, hmm

Author: Got info from here: https://github.com/namecheap/ilc/blob/master/docs/global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found

Reviewer 3: got it... ok, let it be
but add something like - "more detailed information is in this doc[link]"

  1. If there is no route configured in Registry for requested URL.
  2. The app fails to find the requested resource by it's ID (this rule is only for **primary** apps). More details about it [here](../global_errors_handling.md#404-error-not-found)

> -`Special route` ignores all standart routes, including `*` with any `Order pos`. This means that you must add all the necessary applications (header, footer, etc.) to the `Special route` [slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) (as in the screenshot below).

Reviewer 3: As for me this part  "including `*` with any `Order pos`" a little bit confuses.
What do you think about replacing:
-`Special route` ignores all standart routes, including `*` with any `Order pos`.`

With this one:
`Unlike simple routes which use composition with the help of `next: true|false` property , the special route has own full configuration.`

> -`Special route` ignores all standart routes, including `*` with any `Order pos`. This means that you must add all the necessary applications (header, footer, etc.) to the `Special route` [slot](./route_configuration_options.md#slot-configuration) (as in the screenshot below).

Reviewer 3: add information about necessity of adding `template`
